fix(docker): entrypoint npm rebuild blocked by .npmrc ignore-scripts=true (SMI-5200) (#1365)
smith-horn/skillsmith: CLAUDE.md

|---------|-----|
| Container won't start | `docker compose --profile dev down && docker volume rm skillsmith_node_modules && docker compose --profile dev up -d` |
| Native module errors | `docker exec skillsmith-dev-1 npm rebuild better-sqlite3 onnxruntime-node` |

> | `hnswlib-node` fails validation after rebuild (`ignore-scripts=true` in `.npmrc` blocks node-gyp) | `docker compose --profile dev down && docker volume rm skillsmith_node_modules && docker compose --profile dev up -d` — removes stale volume so Docker re-initialises from image layer (compiled without `.npmrc`). Permanent fix: SMI-5200 |

Author: **Apparent duplicate of the row above**

The prescribed fix — `docker compose --profile dev down && docker volume rm skillsmith_node_modules && docker compose --profile dev up -d` — is character-for-character identical to the "Container won't start" row two lines up. A future editor may correctly identify them as duplicates and delete this row, losing the specific root-cause documentation.

Consider differentiating by explaining *why* the volume delete matters here vs. the generic "won't start" case, or by making the CLAUDE.md row point to the SMI-5200 permanent fix more prominently with the volume-delete command demoted to a parenthetical:

```suggestion
| `hnswlib-node` fails validation after rebuild (`ignore-scripts=true` in `.npmrc` blocks node-gyp) | Permanent fix ships in PR #1365 / SMI-5200. Until merged, delete the stale volume so Docker re-initialises from the image layer (compiled without `.npmrc`): `docker compose --profile dev down && docker volume rm skillsmith_node_modules && docker compose --profile dev up -d` |
```
